Lin Tze saved Longxia
Impossible with you rubbish
How could he possibly become the savior of Longxia?
Miss Sun, you mean I'm joking?
My lord, you must have read it wrong
Don't say this kid is a zombie
He has never even gone out of Yanzhou
It's useless to sit back and watch the sky
He can't be the savior you're talking about
Yes, my lord, we can all testify
He's just an ordinary little character
Enough is enough. When the Tiger Kingdom invaded me
You people in high places
Have you made any contributions to Longxia?
Now Mr. Lin is standing up for Long Xia
What face do you people have to say about him?
How can he, a cleaner, help?
Clean the battlefield?
Mrs. Meng
I didn't know you were with Mr. Lin before
What's the misunderstanding?
But as of today
Who dares to say that Lin Ze is not at all
It is to be the enemy of Ben Hou
adult
Even if he wants to pull out the wasteland and offend the sky
Are you taking his side?
That knife symbolizes the majesty of Long Shuai
Even Zhou Gongzi tried to pull it out
Also lost an arm
Appearance kills
Zhou Heng
Who gave you the courage to go up and draw the knife?
It was when I entered the lark just now
I found that this Eight Wilderness Sword had a reaction
That's why my subordinates dared to try
The Eight Wilderness Blade has been silent for three years
Reaction today
That means those of us present
There must be someone selected by the Eight Desolate Swords
That being the case
People who want to prove themselves
Then go up and try it.
No, they don't have spines.